like
Ah promise
What? Did I hear you right?
You really agreed?
Oh, I said Chen Tianze.
Do you want to be a dog that much?
Whoever loses wins
There are 1 billion
Give it to your boss.
I want to cooperate to buy the Dynasty Club for Ye Wener
Here's a down payment.
If not enough
Plus
Oh, it's really acting like this.
Full Dynasty Balance
The opening of the club is 1 billion
If I didn't know you worked in an electronics factory
I was really fooled by you
1 billion
I can't get 1 billion money today
How dare you speak
You have 10 minutes.
I really want to see it
How did he acquire Dynasty Entertainment Club?
Chen Tianze, I advise you to kneel down quickly
Add Li Xiao's crotch
Just based on your color
I also want to buy Dynasty Entertainment Club
In the next life
Then we'll wait.
Junior brother, you are not kidding
The boss of the dynasty is a man of the Tao
You dare to look different in the eyes of his players
you
Look, I'm buying Dynasty Entertainment
See what you do.
what game
Sister-in-law is 10 minutes away
Come and share
Wait a minute, I don't regret dying
As expected, right?
Somebody break this kid's leg
No way.